	Informal Problem Description
There are 3 missionaries and 3 cannibals on one side of the river, call it side L. The goal is to transfer everyone to the other side of the river, side R, using a boat that can take a maximum of two passengers. Missionaries cannot be left outnumbered by cannibals at any given time.

     Assumptions
-     Starting point is the left bank of the river
-     The boat does not drive itself, therefore needs someone to drive it back

     Problem Formulation

1. Initial State
Initial state (ML, CL, BP, MR, CR) = (3, 3, L, 0, 0) 
where ML = missionaries on the left bank
CL = cannibals on the left bank
BP = boat position
MR = missionaries on the right bank
CR = cannibals on the right bank

2. Actions

1 missionary and 1 cannibal sail to side R
1 missionary and 1 cannibal sail to side L
1 missionary sails to R
1 missionary sails to L
1 cannibal sails to R
1 cannibal sails to L
2 missionaries sail to R
2 missionaries sail to L
2 cannibals sail to R
2 cannibals sail to L

Note: not all states are reachable (e.g. (0, 0, L, 0, 0)). Some states are illegal.

3. Transition Model

•  1 missionary and 1 cannibal sail to side R
Subtracts 1 from both missionary count and cannibal count of side L. Change Boat position to R. Adds 1 to both missionary count and cannibal count of side R. 

•  1 missionary and 1 cannibal sail to side L
Subtracts 1 from both missionary count and cannibal count of side R. Change Boat position to L. A¬¬¬¬dds 1 to both missionary count and cannibal count of side L. 



•  1 missionary sails to R
Subtracts 1 from missionary count of side L. Change Boat position to R. Adds 1 to missionary count of side R. 

•  1 missionary sails to L
Subtracts 1 from missionary count of side R. Change Boat position to L. Adds 1 to missionary count of side L. 

•  1 cannibal sails to R
Subtracts 1 from cannibal count of side L. Change Boat position to R. Adds 1 to cannibal count of side R. 

•  1 cannibal sails to L
Subtracts 1 from cannibal count of side R. Change Boat position to L. Adds 1 to cannibal count of side L. 

•  2 missionaries sail to R
Subtracts 2 from missionary count of side L. Change Boat position to R. Adds 2 to missionary count of side R. 

•  2 missionaries sail to L
Subtracts 2 from missionary count of side R. Change Boat position to L. Adds 2 to missionary count of side L. 

•  2 cannibals sail to R
Subtracts 2 from cannibal count of side L. Change Boat position to R. Adds 2 to cannibal count of side R. 

•  2 cannibals sail to L
Subtracts 2 from cannibal count of side R. Change Boat position to L. Adds 2 to cannibal count of side L. 


4. Goal Test

Check if missionary count and cannibal count of side R are equal to 3, and boat position is R.

5. Path Cost

Each boat trip has a cost of 1. The total path cost will be the total number of boat trips taken from initial state to goal state.
